Fix issues found in local audit for style guide checks (#79)
canonical/pollen-operator: docs/explanation/charm-architecture.md

## Metrics

> Pollen exposes the following [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/metrics/) compliant metrics, which are visible in Grafana after [integrating with COS](https://charmhub.io/pollen/docs/how-to-relate-to-cos).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pollen exposes the following Prometheus metrics, which are visible in Grafana after [integrating with COS](https://charmhub.io/pollen/docs/how-to-relate-to-cos).
```
I don't think Pollen uses the OTLP protocol, it uses the Prometheus protocol.
